---
layout: post
title: Thanksgiving 2000
date: 2000-11-23T21:03:00.000-08:00
author: jethrojones
tags:
  - holiday
  - MTC
modified_time: 2009-04-27T21:53:48.713-07:00
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1475781364046176345.post-3480844453957299471
blogger_orig_url: https://elderdajones.blogspot.com/2000/11/thanksgiving-2000.html
---

Okay, Wednesday night Elder Parscal starting packing up his stuff to leave. It was as I was finishing writing last night. Elder Reich and I stayed up with him until 1 am. I talked a lot and felt the Spirit guiding me somewhat in the words I should say. We decided to fast for him today, Thanksgiving day [what was I thinking?]. We fasted as a district. We asked him to pray to know if he should stay here. He still says that he shouldn't. So, he is meeting with President Edman, the MTC Mission President Friday morning sometime. I don't think he will stay. President Mendenhall, our branch President told me that Elder Parscal had been a toss up since day one. He said that he wanted to transfer Elder Parscal to an English speaking mission. I hope he does that as opposed to having him go home. 


Thanksgiving was an awesome day, even though I didn't get to eat the Thanksgiving feast; it was still wonderful. We had programs, three of them that lasted two hours each. There was a lot of singing and talents being shown. The Spirit was strong. At the end, we watched a movie called "Christmas Mission." It was an actual movie, and at the beginning there were previews. The previews started out okay, and the person in charge started to fast-forward it, and then there was a picture of two people getting ready to have sex. They quickly stopped the tape, and it was really funny. A guy played a song on the piano called "La Conovelse[?]. It was so fast. He was like a lightning bullet with his fingers.
